seaseq to St.Jude Cloud (#155)
stjude/sjcloud-docs: docs/guides/genomics-platform/analyzing-data/seaseq.md

|-------------------------------|-----------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------|
|   FastQ files                 |   Array of files      |   One or more fastq files. The files should be gzipped.     |   [`*.gz`]          |
|   SRA identifier (SRR)        |   Array of strings    |   One of more SRRs.                                         |   [`SRR12345678`]   |
|   Genome Reference            |   File                |   The genome reference.                                     |   [`*.fa`]          |
|   Genome Bowtie indexes       |   Array of files      |   The genome bowtie v1 indexes. Should be six index files.  |   [`*.ebwt`]        |
|   Gene Annotation             |   File                |   The gene annotation.                                      |   [`*.gtf`]         |
|   Blacklists                  |   File                |   UHS/DER/DAC or custom blacklists regions file.            |   [`*/bed`]         |
|   MEME motif databases        |   Array of files      |   One or more of the [MEME suite motif databases]           |   [`*.meme`]        |

### Input configuration

> SEASEQ requires either or both FastQ files or SRA identifiers (SRRs).
> Genome Bowtie indexes, Blacklists are also optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SEASEQ supports fastq files and SRA identifiers (SRRs) as input. A combination of both is also supported. 
Bowtie genomic indexes and region-based blacklists are optional.
```
